Changes in docs/source/tasks files (#19)
hyperledger-labs/fabric-ansible-collection: docs/source/tasks/addadmincert.rst

**If the organization is an administrator of the ordering service**

>   Review the example playbook `05-update-channels-admin.yml <https://github.com/IBM-Blockchain/fabric-ansible-collection/blob/main/examples/add-admin-cert/05-update-channels-admin.yml>`_, then run it as follows:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
  Review the example playbook `05-update-channels-admin.yml <https://github.com/hyperledger-labs/fabric-ansible-collection/blob/main/examples/add-admin-cert/05-update-channels-admin.yml>`_, then run it as follows:
```
